hello to everyone in absolutely wonderful way
we got an invite in enough
young social network called about
. no it's kind of analogue to everyone
famous twitter
but with its own features so we
today let's talk about her and about
free from client there is no bot from
the creators of tweetbot which today in
no idea at all
needs have driven
Immediately begin with the fact that in order to
start using on. no you need
pay from 5 to hundreds of bucks it can
scare away many because there is the same free
twitter and other social networks which are not
require a second from the user money
option to find someone who bought himself
subscription and begging him
in white however in this case you
be able to follow up to 40 people
I do not know how much is a big minus
but I personally did more
in order to get acquainted with the service and
tell you about it paid bases
service by the way gives excellent results
the lack of advertising and bot in which
tweet now just a lot and which
get stupid less by us
normal living people
web no such no yes indeed these
the most alive people there are few but
enough theory let's move on
Directly to the client, there is no year
those who use twitter there are hardly there
can you find something new no year
completely identical to tweetbot too
registration is also a tape of messages
even the same gestures from below are
the usual tab of the last 2 for long
clicking on them can be configured here
less personal messages
everything is the same as in the usual twitter
however, a significant difference from
twitter is an increased limit
characters ascii 256 new message window
also no different from tweet year those
same buttons drafts less on hashtags
and image hosting downloads
accessible to the user is not so much their
can be viewed in the profile settings
how to use all this business
just like twitter you write
the message those who subscribe to you sees
him in his tape and maybe even
respond if they approve fiercely
like the fact that you uttered it quite
it is possible that they will want to make a repost
analogue retweet and then their subscribers
not subscribed and they will see you too
the post sounds somewhat complicated but
in fact, all just enough to
figure it out in a day or two and now
the most important question is why is the whole
this feeder
on if everyone still uses and what
more important will be enjoyed
free twitter which is crazy
how many millions of users are online
can find blog posts explaining
what they say and. no, this is where you
everyone is happy and you can put in there your
256 character thoughts without fear of being not
understood and blah blah blah actually
normal user
vol. No, I don't need it while I have twitter
which hang out all his friends acquaintances
and just interesting people on the other
hand developer and ideological
mastermind invests enough
ambitions in his project he wants to
the platform has become one which
users of various social
networks will be free to share
content and in which there will be no advertising
but these are only plans for the future
says let's wait and see
and this all subscribe to our
channel put your thumbs up this
video or that goes without saying
stay with us on appleinsider.ru
bye bye